Double Chocolate Granola
Ingredients
2 cups (162 g) rolled oats 
½ cup (72 g) raw pumpkin seeds 
½ cup (62 g) raw sunflower seeds 
½ cup (50 g) raw walnuts 
⅓ cup (35 g) Dutch processed cocoa powder 
¼ cup (19 g) unsweetened shredded coconut
2 Tbsp (21 g) whole chia seeds 
½ tsp salt
½ cup (120 mL) date syrup 
¼ cup (54 g) refined coconut oil, melted† 
1 tsp (5 mL) pure vanilla extract (optional)
1.8 oz (50 g) dairy-free dark chocolate, roughly chopped

Directions
Preheat the oven to 340°F (170°C) and line a baking tray with a piece of parchment paper.
To a food processor, add the oats, pumpkin and sunflower seeds, walnuts, pecans, cocoa, coconut, chia seeds, and salt. Give it a few pulses to roughly chop the oats, seeds and nuts. If you don't have a food processor, you can also coarsely chop the nuts and seeds with a knife.
Remove the blade from the food processor. If the blades can't be removed, transfer the contents to a large bowl instead. Add the maple syrup, coconut oil, and vanilla and mix using a rubber spatula.
Transfer the mixture to the baking tray and spread it out evenly. Let the granola bake in the oven on the centre rack for 20 - 22 minutes, stirring halfway to ensure even baking.
Remove from the oven and allow the granola to cool completely. It will harden as it cools. Once completely cool, mix in the chocolate chunks, and enjoy with milk or yogurt and fresh fruit.

Chipotle Spiced Black Bean Oatmeal

Ingredients
1 cup (81 g) rolled oats 
1½ cups (360 mL) unsweetened almond milk 
½ cup (120 mL) water
2 tsp (10 g) diced chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 tsp (3 g) spice mix 
¾ cup (124 g) canned corn, drained
¾ cup (129 g) cooked black beans 
¾ cup (176 g) salsa 
½ avocado, sliced
Optional garnishes
fresh cilantro
lime slice
hot sauce
Directions
To a saucepan, add the oats, milk, water, bouillon, chipotle*, and spice mix. Bring to a gentle boil. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring often.
Meanwhile, to a medium pan on high heat, add the corn and cook for 3 - 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned. Set aside.
When the oatmeal is cooked to your liking, add the black beans. When heated through, remove from the heat.
Divide the oatmeal between your bowls. Top with a generous portion of salsa, corn, and slices of avocado. Drizzle with fresh lime juice and desired garnishes. Enjoy!